Transactional envelope send with mongodb session (#30)
facile-it/mongodb-messenger-transport: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.4.1 (2024-12-09)
* Add support to PHP 8.4 (by removing implicit nullable arguments deprecations)

## 1.5.0 (2025-04-02)

> * [New feature] Add MongoDBSessionStamp for carry a mongodb session up to `\Facile\MongoDbMessenger\Transport\Connection::send`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 1.5.0 (2025-04-03)
* [New feature] Add `MongoDBSessionStamp` to publish using a MongoDB transaction, by carrying a `Session` up to `\Facile\MongoDbMessenger\Transport\Connection::send`
```

Author: done
